README.md, before:

### Date created
Created on the 18th January 2021.

### Project Title
Bikeshare with python

### Description
This project uses python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the
United States-Chicago, New York City, and Washington. Data on the bike share systems in these three
cities are imported and descriptive statics on things such as the popular times of travel, popular stations and 
trip, trip duration and user info are provided. Even the raw data are provided, when requested. 


### Files used
The chicago.csv, new_york_city.csv and washington.csv files were used for this project. These files contained data
provided by Motivate, a bike share system. The files contained randomly selected data for the first six months of
2017 for each cities. The three files have six columns in common. However, Chicago and New York City files have 
two additional columns not found in Washington. The bikeshare_2.py provided by Udacity was used as a template for the 
python code

### Credits
It's important to give proper credit. Add links to any repo that inspired you or blogposts you consulted.

Commit message:

docs: Add software required infos

README.md, after:

### Date created
Created on the 18th January 2021.

### Project Title
Bikeshare with python

### Description
This project uses python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the
United States-Chicago, New York City, and Washington. Data on the bike share systems in these three
cities are imported and descriptive statics on things such as the popular times of travel, popular stations and 
trip, trip duration and user info are provided. Even the raw data are provided, when requested. 


### Files used
The chicago.csv, new_york_city.csv and washington.csv files were used for this project. These files contained data
provided by Motivate, a bike share system. The files contained randomly selected data for the first six months of
2017 for each cities. The three files have six columns in common. However, Chicago and New York City files have 
two additional columns not found in Washington. The bikeshare_2.py provided by Udacity was used as a template for the 
python code

### Software required
For this project NumPy and Python 3 are needed. Best if installed using Anaconda. When done this way, a text editor, like atom
and a terminal application is used.
